Make HTML examples valid (#9304)
google/WebFundamentals: src/content/en/updates/2020/11/cvd.md

> The first change is the XML namespace declaration at the top. The second addition is the so-called “solidus” — the slash that indicates the `<feColorMatrix>` tag both opens and closes the element. This last change is not actually necessary (we could just stick to the explicit `</feColorMatrix>` closing tag instead), but since XML supports this `/>` shorthand (unlike HTML), we might as well make use of it.

Reviewer: This is still incorrect--HTML does support /> on SVG elements, so you can use that syntax both in HTML and XML.

Author: Ooh, thanks! So how about this then:

```suggestion
The first change is the XML namespace declaration at the top. The second addition is the so-called “solidus” — the slash that indicates the `<feColorMatrix>` tag both opens and closes the element. This last change is not actually necessary (we could just stick to the explicit `</feColorMatrix>` closing tag instead), but since both XML and SVG-in-HTML support this `/>` shorthand, we might as well make use of it.
```

Reviewer: Yeah, now it's correct.

> The first change is the XML namespace declaration at the top. The second addition is the so-called “solidus” — the slash that indicates the `<feColorMatrix>` tag both opens and closes the element. This last change is not actually necessary (we could just stick to the explicit `</feColorMatrix>` closing tag instead), but since XML supports this `/>` shorthand (unlike HTML), we might as well make use of it.

Author: Ooh, thanks! So how about this then:

```suggestion
The first change is the XML namespace declaration at the top. The second addition is the so-called “solidus” — the slash that indicates the `<feColorMatrix>` tag both opens and closes the element. This last change is not actually necessary (we could just stick to the explicit `</feColorMatrix>` closing tag instead), but since both XML and SVG-in-HTML support this `/>` shorthand, we might as well make use of it.
```
